chore: add world id bridge documentation (#230)
worldcoin/world-id-docs: src/pages/further-reading/protocol-internals.mdx

## Universal Link

The universal link is used so that the World App can recognize a World ID request and handle it correctly. As more clients are built, the universal link will be extended to other wallets. The structure of the universal link is documented here. The source of truth function for this can be found [on GitHub](https://github.com/worldcoin/idkit-js/blob/main/idkit/src/services/wld-bridge.ts#L86).

-   The universal link base is: `https://worldcoin.org/verify`.
    -   If the query string `t` is equal to `wld`, the request is using the World ID Bridge, and the following requirements apply:
        -   `i` is a **required** query string, which contains the `requestId`, a UUIDv4 used to identify the request
        -   `k` is a **required** query string, which contains the URL Base64 encoded AES-GCM key
        -   `b` is an **optional** query string, which contains the URL of the World ID Bridge. This defaults to `https://bridge.worldcoin.org/`.

>     -   If the query string `t` is equal to `wmobile`, the request is passed directly from a native mobile app to World App, and the following requirements apply:

Reviewer: Let's make a distinction here that this functionality is coming soon

        -   `app_id` is a **required** query string. This is the `app_id` from the Developer Portal, or is equal to `self_hosted`.
        -   `action` is a **required** query string, which contains the action ID
        -   `credential_types` is an **optional** query string, which is a comma-separated string of accepted credentials.
        -   `signal` is an **optional** query string, which is the signal to be used during proof generation.
        -   Either `return_to` or `callback_url` is a **required** query string, which is the URL to return to after the proof is generated.
            -   `return_to` is the URL to return to after the proof is generated. This is used for web-based applications.
            -   `callback_url` is the URL to which the proof will be submitted directly. This is used for native mobile applications.

## World ID Bridge

> The World ID Bridge acts as the intermediary between IDKit and World App. It is responsible for relaying a verification request to the user's identity wallet (e.g. World App), and returning the proof to IDKit. A functional diagram is shown here, with a step-by-step explanation to follow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The World ID Bridge acts as the intermediary between IDKit and the user's World ID wallet (e.g. World App). It is responsible for relaying a verification request to the user's identity wallet (e.g. World App), and returning the proof to IDKit. A functional diagram is shown here, with a step-by-step explanation to follow:
```

</Note>
1. IDKit initiates the proof request session on the World ID Bridge.
    - An app configures and opens IDKit with the required parameters `app_id` and `action`, and the optional parameters `signal`, `credential_types`, and `action_description`.
        - If an application is self-hosted, the `app_id` must be equal to `self_hosted`. See more details about self-hosted applications [here](/reference/idkit#self-hosted-applications).
    - IDKit generates an AES-GCM `key` and `iv`, used to encrypt the verification request. IDKit temporarily stores the `key` in memory.
    - IDKit encrypts the above parameters with the `key` and `iv`, forming the encrypted body of the request to the World ID Bridge. The `iv` is included unencrypted in the request body.
        <CodeGroup title="Bridge POST Request">
            ```json {{ title: "Unencrypted JSON" }}
            {
                "app_id": "app_123456", // starts with "app_", or is equal to "self_hosted"
                "action": "some_string",
                "signal": "0xa1ddac5b45704c897203...", // optional
                "credential_types": ["orb", "device"], // optional, defaults to ["orb"]

>                 "action_description": "Blah blah blah", // optional

Reviewer: let's add a more illustrative example

    - The universal link is formed as described in the above section, with the `requestId` and AES-GCM `key` included in the query string.
2. World App or the Worldcoin Simulator (referred to going forward as the client) receives the payload from the bridge, generates the zero-knowledge proof, and returns the proof as a payload in a proof response session on the Bridge.
    - The client receives the universal link via QR code, mobile app deeplink, or pasting from the clipboard (only for the Worldcoin Simulator). 
    - The client parses the query string to extract the `requestId` and `key`. The `key` is used to decrypt the payload, and the `requestId` is used to identify the request.
    - The client sends a GET request to the World ID Bridge to fetch the payload: `https://bridge.worldcoin.org/request/${requestId}`. The payload is returned to the client and removed from the Bridge, thus ending the proof request session.

>         - The client can optionally send a HEAD request to check if a payload is available for the given `requestId`. A `200` response indicates a payload is available, while a `404` response indicates no payload is available. The payload is not returned, nor removed from the bridge if it is present.

Reviewer: beyond the HEAD request, IDKit can also query `/request/{requestId}` to check the status of the request, https://github.com/worldcoin/wallet-bridge/blob/e667eb7ac2cfebad876cb6e99ef1c27e73847ff8/src/utils.rs#L20

Reviewer: I see this is below, worth just adding a reference

Author: "the client" here is world app/simulator/other identity wallet, not IDKit -- i figured that this endpoint was intended solely for the identity wallet which is why i kept them separate

                }
            }
            ```
            {/* cSpell: enable */}
            ```json {{ title: "Initialized" }}
            {
                "status": "initialized",
                "response": null
            }
            ```
            ```json {{ title: "Retrieved" }}
            {
                "status": "retrieved",
                "response": null
            }
            ```
        </CodeGroup>
    - IDKit decrypts the response using the `key` it generated earlier and the `iv` included in the response, and either handles the error or calls the configured callback function(s) with the proof.
        <CodeGroup title="Decrypted Bridge Response">
            ```json {{ title: "Proof" }}
            {
                "proof": "0x...",
                "merkle_root": "0x...",
                "nullifier_hash": "0x...",
                "credential_type": "orb", // <-- or "device"
            }
            ```
            ```json {{ title: "Error" }}
            {
                "error_code": "" // <-- see Error Codes section
            }
            ```
        </CodeGroup>

>     - Error Responses:

Reviewer: let's create a universal page for error codes across the entire SDK and link it here, this list is outdated, but I saw we have the list duplicated in another PR

Author: will do this in a new PR once this and reference section docs are merged to avoid conflicts

## Universal Link

The universal link is used so that the World App can recognize a World ID request and handle it correctly. As more clients are built, the universal link will be extended to other wallets. The structure of the universal link is documented here. The source of truth function for this can be found [on GitHub](https://github.com/worldcoin/idkit-js/blob/main/idkit/src/services/wld-bridge.ts#L86).

-   The universal link base is: `https://worldcoin.org/verify`.

>     -   If the query string `t` is equal to `wld`, the request is using the World ID Bridge, and the following requirements apply:

Reviewer: see WDP24, this can also be `wmobile`

        -   `i` is a **required** query string, which contains the `requestId`, a randomly-generated UUID used to identify the request
        -   `k` is a **required** query string, which contains the URL Base64 encoded AES-GCM key

>         -   `b` is an **optional** query string, which contains the URL of the World ID Bridge. This defaults to `https://bridge.id.worldcoin.org/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        -   `b` is an **optional** query string, which contains the URL of the World ID Bridge. This defaults to `https://bridge.worldcoin.org/`.
```

>     -   If `t` is not present or is any value other than `wld`, the request uses the WalletConnect bridge, with the following requirements:

Reviewer: let's remove this, it will no longer be supported

        -   There is one **required** query string, `w`, which contains the [WalletConnect URI](https://docs.walletconnect.com/2.0/javascript/sign/wallet-usage#uri)
            -   According to guidance from the WalletConnect team, only v2 URIs are supported.
        -   There is one **optional** query string, `r`, which contains a return URL for mobile app verifications
        -   The WalletConnect bridge functionality is deprecated, and is only documented here for reference.

## World ID Bridge

> The World ID Bridge acts as the intermediary between IDKit and World App. It is responsible for passing the `app_id` and `action` to the World App, and returning the proof to IDKit. A functional diagram is shown here, with a step-by-step explanation to follow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The World ID Bridge acts as the intermediary between IDKit and World App. It is responsible for relaying a verification request to the user's identity wallet (e.g. World App), and returning the proof to IDKit. A functional diagram is shown here, with a step-by-step explanation to follow:
```

![World ID Bridge Diagram](/images/docs/world-id-bridge.png)

> 1. IDKit initiates the proof request session on the World ID Bridge.

Reviewer: let's already add details about self-hosted apps ([source](https://www.notion.so/worldcoin/WDP24-SDK-World-ID-2-0-633b939030e249d89ab4f11b1da726df?pvs=4#3891709822584ce2be1ef8774957de08))

    - An app configures and opens IDKit with the required parameters `app_id` and `action`, and the optional parameters `signal`, `credential_types`, and `action_description`.

>     - IDKit generates a random UUID, which is used as the `requestId` for the request to the World ID Bridge, as well as generating an AES-GCM `key` and `iv`. IDKit temporarily stores the `key`, `iv`, and `requestId` in memory.

Reviewer: requestId is generated by the bridge

    - IDKit encrypts the above parameters with the `key` and `iv`, forming the encrypted body of the request to the World ID Bridge. The `iv` is included unencrypted in the request body.

>     - IDKit sends a PUT request to the World ID Bridge: `https://bridge.id.worldcoin.org/request/${requestId}`, with the body formed above, thus initiating the session and sending the payload required to generate a proof.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - IDKit sends a POST request to the wallet bridge: `https://bridge.worldcoin.org/request`, with the body formed above, thus initiating the session and sending the payload required to generate a proof.
```

    - The client calculates the `externalNullifier` from the `app_id` and `action`, and generates the zero-knowledge proof using the local Semaphore identity after receiving the user's consent.
    - The client forms the body, which either contains the successful proof or an error response.
    - The client encrypts the body with the `key` and `iv`, and sends a PUT request to the World ID Bridge: `https://bridge.id.worldcoin.org/response/${requestId}`, with the encrypted proof or error as the body.
    - The client must delete any information received from the Bridge, as this could be used to disclose which actions a user has performed.
3. IDKit polls the Bridge for the response from the client, receives the encrypted response, decrypts it, and calls the callback with the proof or handles the returned error.
    - IDKit sends a GET request to `https://bridge.id.worldcoin.org/response/${requestId}` to check if the proof is available.
        - If the Bridge returns a `200` response, the response is available and the response body is returned to IDKit. The proof response session is ended, and the response is removed from the Bridge.

>         - If the Bridge returns a `404` response, the proof is not yet available, and IDKit will retry the request after a short delay.

Reviewer: outdated. the bridge now returns a `status` property. in general let's add code snippets with the request and response payloads, will make things a lot easier. also very important that all requests to the bridge include `Content-Type: application/json`
